# CatalogItem

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Name** | **string** | The item&#x27;s name. This is a searchable attribute for use in applicable query filters, its value must not be empty, and the length is of Unicode code points. | [optional] [default to null]
**Description** | **string** | The item&#x27;s description. This is a searchable attribute for use in applicable query filters, and its value length is of Unicode code points.  Deprecated at 2022-07-20, this field is planned to retire in 6 months. You should migrate to use &#x60;description_html&#x60; to set the description  of the [CatalogItem](entity:CatalogItem) instance.  The &#x60;description&#x60; and &#x60;description_html&#x60; field values are kept in sync. If you try to  set the both fields, the &#x60;description_html&#x60; text value overwrites the &#x60;description&#x60; value. Updates in one field are also reflected in the other,  except for when you use an early version before Square API 2022-07-20 and &#x60;description_html&#x60; is set to blank, setting the &#x60;description&#x60; value to null  does not nullify &#x60;description_html&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Abbreviation** | **string** | The text of the item&#x27;s display label in the Square Point of Sale app. Only up to the first five characters of the string are used. This attribute is searchable, and its value length is of Unicode code points. | [optional] [default to null]
**LabelColor** | **string** | The color of the item&#x27;s display label in the Square Point of Sale app. This must be a valid hex color code. | [optional] [default to null]
**AvailableOnline** | **bool** | If &#x60;true&#x60;, the item can be added to shipping orders from the merchant&#x27;s online store. | [optional] [default to null]
**AvailableForPickup** | **bool** | If &#x60;true&#x60;, the item can be added to pickup orders from the merchant&#x27;s online store. | [optional] [default to null]
**AvailableElectronically** | **bool** | If &#x60;true&#x60;, the item can be added to electronically fulfilled orders from the merchant&#x27;s online store. | [optional] [default to null]
**CategoryId** | **string** | The ID of the item&#x27;s category, if any. | [optional] [default to null]
**TaxIds** | **[]string** | A set of IDs indicating the taxes enabled for this item. When updating an item, any taxes listed here will be added to the item. Taxes may also be added to or deleted from an item using &#x60;UpdateItemTaxes&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**ModifierListInfo** | [**[]CatalogItemModifierListInfo**](CatalogItemModifierListInfo.md) | A set of &#x60;CatalogItemModifierListInfo&#x60; objects representing the modifier lists that apply to this item, along with the overrides and min and max limits that are specific to this item. Modifier lists may also be added to or deleted from an item using &#x60;UpdateItemModifierLists&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**ImageUrl** | **string** | __Retired__. The URL of an image representing this item. Retired in favor of &#x60;image_id&#x60; in [CatalogObject](entity:CatalogObject). | [optional] [default to null]
**Variations** | [**[]CatalogObject**](CatalogObject.md) | A list of [CatalogItemVariation](entity:CatalogItemVariation) objects for this item. An item must have at least one variation. | [optional] [default to null]
**ProductType** | [***CatalogItemProductType**](CatalogItemProductType.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**SkipModifierScreen** | **bool** | If &#x60;false&#x60;, the Square Point of Sale app will present the &#x60;CatalogItem&#x60;&#x27;s details screen immediately, allowing the merchant to choose &#x60;CatalogModifier&#x60;s before adding the item to the cart.  This is the default behavior.  If &#x60;true&#x60;, the Square Point of Sale app will immediately add the item to the cart with the pre-selected modifiers, and merchants can edit modifiers by drilling down onto the item&#x27;s details.  Third-party clients are encouraged to implement similar behaviors. | [optional] [default to null]
**ItemOptions** | [**[]CatalogItemOptionForItem**](CatalogItemOptionForItem.md) | List of item options IDs for this item. Used to manage and group item variations in a specified order.  Maximum: 6 item options. | [optional] [default to null]
**EcomUri** | **string** | hidden field | [optional] [default to null]
**EcomImageUris** | **[]string** | hidden field | [optional] [default to null]
**EcomAvailable** | **bool** | hidden field | [optional] [default to null]
**EcomVisibility** | **string** | hidden field | [optional] [default to null]
**ImageIds** | **[]string** | The IDs of images associated with this &#x60;CatalogItem&#x60; instance. These images will be shown to customers in Square Online Store. The first image will show up as the icon for this item in POS. | [optional] [default to null]
**SortName** | **string** | A name to sort the item by. If this name is unspecified, namely, the &#x60;sort_name&#x60; field is absent, the regular &#x60;name&#x60; field is used for sorting.  It is currently supported for sellers of the Japanese locale only. | [optional] [default to null]
**DescriptionHtml** | **string** | The item&#x27;s description as expressed in valid HTML elements. The length of this field value, including those of HTML tags,  is of Unicode points. With application query filters, the text values of the HTML elements and attributes are searchable. Invalid or  unsupported HTML elements or attributes are ignored.  Supported HTML elements include: - &#x60;a&#x60;: Link. Supports linking to website URLs, email address, and telephone numbers. - &#x60;b&#x60;, &#x60;strong&#x60;:  Bold text       - &#x60;br&#x60;: Line break - &#x60;code&#x60;: Computer code - &#x60;div&#x60;: Section - &#x60;h1-h6&#x60;: Headings - &#x60;i&#x60;, &#x60;em&#x60;: Italics  - &#x60;li&#x60;: List element - &#x60;ol&#x60;: Numbered list - &#x60;p&#x60;: Paragraph - &#x60;ul&#x60;: Bullet list - &#x60;u&#x60;: Underline   Supported HTML attributes include: - &#x60;align&#x60;: Alignment of the text content  - &#x60;href&#x60;: Link destination  - &#x60;rel&#x60;: Relationship between link&#x27;s target and source  - &#x60;target&#x60;: Place to open the linked document | [optional] [default to null]
**DescriptionPlaintext** | **string** | A server-generated plaintext version of the &#x60;description_html&#x60; field, without formatting tags. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

