# Dispute

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**DisputeId** | **string** | The unique ID for this &#x60;Dispute&#x60;, generated by Square. | [optional] [default to null]
**Id** | **string** | The unique ID for this &#x60;Dispute&#x60;, generated by Square. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmountMoney** | [***Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Reason** | [***DisputeReason**](DisputeReason.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**State** | [***DisputeState**](DisputeState.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**DueAt** | **string** | The deadline by which the seller must respond to the dispute, in [RFC 3339 format](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/build-basics/common-data-types/working-with-dates). | [optional] [default to null]
**DisputedPayment** | [***DisputedPayment**](DisputedPayment.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**EvidenceIds** | **[]string** | The IDs of the evidence associated with the dispute. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardBrand** | [***CardBrand**](CardBrand.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreatedAt** | **string** | The timestamp when the dispute was created, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedAt** | **string** | The timestamp when the dispute was last updated, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**BrandDisputeId** | **string** | The ID of the dispute in the card brand system, generated by the card brand. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReportedDate** | **string** | The timestamp when the dispute was reported, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReportedAt** | **string** | The timestamp when the dispute was reported, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**Version** | **int32** | The current version of the &#x60;Dispute&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**LocationId** | **string** | The ID of the location where the dispute originated. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

