# SearchCatalogObjectsRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Cursor** | **string** | The pagination cursor returned in the previous response. Leave unset for an initial request. See [Pagination](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/basics/api101/pagination) for more information. | [optional] [default to null]
**ObjectTypes** | [**[]CatalogObjectType**](CatalogObjectType.md) | The desired set of object types to appear in the search results.  If this is unspecified, the operation returns objects of all the top level types at the version of the Square API used to make the request. Object types that are nested onto other object types are not included in the defaults.  At the current API version the default object types are: ITEM, CATEGORY, TAX, DISCOUNT, MODIFIER_LIST,  PRICING_RULE, PRODUCT_SET, TIME_PERIOD, MEASUREMENT_UNIT, SUBSCRIPTION_PLAN, ITEM_OPTION, CUSTOM_ATTRIBUTE_DEFINITION, QUICK_AMOUNT_SETTINGS. | [optional] [default to null]
**IncludeDeletedObjects** | **bool** | If &#x60;true&#x60;, deleted objects will be included in the results. Deleted objects will have their &#x60;is_deleted&#x60; field set to &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**IncludeRelatedObjects** | **bool** | If &#x60;true&#x60;, the response will include additional objects that are related to the requested objects. Related objects are objects that are referenced by object ID by the objects in the response. This is helpful if the objects are being fetched for immediate display to a user. This process only goes one level deep. Objects referenced by the related objects will not be included. For example:  If the &#x60;objects&#x60; field of the response contains a CatalogItem, its associated CatalogCategory objects, CatalogTax objects, CatalogImage objects and CatalogModifierLists will be returned in the &#x60;related_objects&#x60; field of the response. If the &#x60;objects&#x60; field of the response contains a CatalogItemVariation, its parent CatalogItem will be returned in the &#x60;related_objects&#x60; field of the response.  Default value: &#x60;false&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**BeginTime** | **string** | Return objects modified after this [timestamp](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/build-basics/working-with-dates), in RFC 3339 format, e.g., &#x60;2016-09-04T23:59:33.123Z&#x60;. The timestamp is exclusive - objects with a timestamp equal to &#x60;begin_time&#x60; will not be included in the response. | [optional] [default to null]
**Query** | [***CatalogQuery**](CatalogQuery.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Limit** | **int32** | A limit on the number of results to be returned in a single page. The limit is advisory - the implementation may return more or fewer results. If the supplied limit is negative, zero, or is higher than the maximum limit of 1,000, it will be ignored. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

