# TerminalCheckout

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | A unique ID for this &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmountMoney** | [***Money**](Money.md) |  | [default to null]
**ReferenceId** | **string** | An optional user-defined reference ID that can be used to associate this &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; to another entity in an external system. For example, an order ID generated by a third-party shopping cart. The ID is also associated with any payments used to complete the checkout. | [optional] [default to null]
**Note** | **string** | An optional note to associate with the checkout, as well as with any payments used to complete the checkout. | [optional] [default to null]
**DeviceOptions** | [***DeviceCheckoutOptions**](DeviceCheckoutOptions.md) |  | [default to null]
**DeadlineDuration** | **string** | An RFC 3339 duration, after which the checkout is automatically canceled. A &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; that is &#x60;PENDING&#x60; is automatically &#x60;CANCELED&#x60; and has a cancellation reason of &#x60;TIMED_OUT&#x60;.  Default: 5 minutes from creation  Maximum: 5 minutes | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | The status of the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60;. Options: &#x60;PENDING&#x60;, &#x60;IN_PROGRESS&#x60;, &#x60;CANCEL_REQUESTED&#x60;, &#x60;CANCELED&#x60;, &#x60;COMPLETED&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**CancelReason** | [***ActionCancelReason**](ActionCancelReason.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaymentIds** | **[]string** | A list of IDs for payments created by this &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**CreatedAt** | **string** | The time when the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; was created, as an RFC 3339 timestamp. | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedAt** | **string** | The time when the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; was last updated, as an RFC 3339 timestamp. | [optional] [default to null]
**AppId** | **string** | The ID of the application that created the checkout. | [optional] [default to null]
**LocationId** | **string** | The location of the device where the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; was directed. | [optional] [default to null]
**PaymentType** | [***CheckoutOptionsPaymentType**](CheckoutOptionsPaymentType.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

